Add DISCLAIMER.md (#4912)
simple-icons/simple-icons: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Simple Icons

> > ℹ We ask that all users read our [legal disclaimer](./DISCLAIMER.md) before contributing to Simple Icons.

Reviewer: One minor request, I'd say we should avoid using `ℹ` directly here (and in the README.md) so as to keep this document "text only" - just in case someone on an old system want to read this.

```suggestion
> :information_source: We ask that all users read our [legal disclaimer](./DISCLAIMER.md) before contributing to Simple Icons.
```
